we don't shop at that mountain and you
look down that hill
you look all around you the beautiful
Saxony seems already and it was
something I always wanted to do again
you know here I was gonna be able to it
Here I am doing it yes
as we've rolled we tend to lose our
thirst for adventure we go to school get
a job and have kids and even if all of
those things could be amazing and that
process we sometimes get too comfortable
and forgets about the adventure in our
lives
living by the yes theory means not
living life in the passenger seat it's
about embracing challenges understanding
that discomfort leads to growth and most
importantly that it's never too late to
live so we contacted wish of a lifetime
a non-profit aiming to shift the way our
society views and treats our oldest
generations by fulfilling seniors dreams
and sharing their stories they are
partnered with Brookdale senior living
residences were they adventurous 88 year
old Ellie staying her ultimate wish was
to chase her biggest passion one last
time six years ago Ellie had a big
injury which permanently ended her
ability to ski ever since she's dreamed
of experiencing and again today after a
few weeks of planning we flew out to
Colorado to document the experience and
support Ellie alongside her loved ones
so we're about to go down to the gate
where Ellie the grandma is arriving
right now we're all little nervous I
have no idea what to expect at least
kind of the tough kind of old-school
type feel about her but whenever she
talks about skiing she breaks down
crying
sure the more you get to hang around
turbulent it'll kind of see why ever I'm
so excited about nothing but friends and
family that's all we need
and you guys to take us they out exactly
no you all brothers you all look alike
so this is Ellie
amaur amaur amaur how they pronounce it
father we're really excited to discover
that excited she's knowing that she's
like that close to making it happen
again it's incredible can't believe we
get to be a part I know we used to see
all the time and since we met we've been
so busy that we haven't had time to ski
skis for tomorrow and a snowboard for
the Susan
so it's like taking your kid to his like
dream fun fair happy sound some good
view was the speed of the grandma give
me the best suited up you just got a
call from Natalie who's organizing this
whole trip
she said that Elly ended up in the
hospital last night she's been throwing
up all night and they're not sure if
she's gonna make it to the mountain
today hopefully she will but the doctor
says it's altitude sickness so in place
something too too bad she's a fighter
shouldn't make it she was too excited to
you know I bet you'll like even if the
doctor said not don't do issues to do it
we got a call from now you saying that
we're good to go to head up to Keystone
mountain and we'll go around some more
gear and head straight out to the
mountain so Mart aside to change up the
fashion sense for the next two days the
Doosan boy a ski ended with her dad gear
check let's make it up the mountain
I feel so bad yeah
maybe three hours there's no way I was
gonna miss it I could be sick on the way
up here but I know yeah she obviously
isn't feeling great but he got in there
and parked her she's like what can we do
to get me out there now so she's
non-stop 88 year old I mean who does
this after night night who does I am
about to see Ellie again and she said if
I should drop dead on the slopes she
says don't worry about it I'll die doing
what I wanted to do are you ready Ally
soon as I get clothes on and everything
yes I'll be ready make it 72 that
doesn't that doesn't look good
what is it he says 72 her fingers really
cold take some deep breaths Ally
[Music]
so her oxygen levels are really low
right now so we're just gonna acclimate
her to the altitude a she's the champ
just trying to make sure she stays calm
and it's accustomed to the weather and
[Music]
you guys look beautiful
I was 33 when I Chris - yeah AG's on
your number your body tells you what you
can do what you can't do and you're
never too old to skate I've used my body
all off I did everything I wanted to do
Pelham pay for it but I am I was happy
doing it all and that's been my motto
all my life long is it something you
aren't doing it to do it do it you can
still try to do it just as I'm doing
today so what are the questions you guys
it's alright it's so real like it's like
life at 100% today we had I can't
believe this guy probably didn't
remember my name after like I knew him
and you already know my name yeah make
everyone feel good did you know who they
are
yeah all right
[Applause]
[Music]
word on the street is that we are not
the best gear and she's gonna kick your
ass
oh yeah of course she is I mean she
taught me everything I know so we just
did another oxygen blood test that she
actually a lot higher it's just ready to
go on the mountain right now so all
[Music]
right now it's actually a perfect that
you made my job super easy so happy have
like a guy's around me thank you so much
me I feel I feel like are you doing how
do I get let's get going yeah
[Music]
you're ready I'm ready are you ready go
for the show
breathing it ready let's go
[Applause]
[Music]
whatever you do
spending a few days with Ellie made us
realize that what you make of life is
truly up to you to either decide to make
it one big adventure until the very last
second or you lose it bit by bit to
mundane routines watching an 88 year old
overcome multiple injuries and fulfill
her biggest wish before our eyes was by
far one of the most inspirational
moments we've ever experienced on this
channel were more motivated than ever to
tell stories of love courage and
positivity and to continue spreading the
yes theory to as many humans we possibly
can and if your grandparents have a big
wish that they want to fulfill make sure
to leave it in the comments down below
tell us their story and if something
stands out who knows maybe we'll make it
happen I'll see you on Thursday
[Music]